Improve signing methods docs (#47)
MetaMask/mm-docs-v2: wallet/how-to/sign-data.md

<p align="center">

![eth_signTypedData_v4](../assets/signTypedData.png)

</p>

An `eth_signTypedData_v4` payload uses a standard format of encoding structs, but has a different
format for the top-level struct that is signed, which includes some metadata about the verifying
contract to provide replay protection of these signatures between different contract instances.

We recommend using [`eth-sig-util`](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util) to generate and
validate signatures.
You can use [`eip712-codegen`](https://github.com/danfinlay/eip712-codegen#readme) to generate most
of the Solidity required to verify these signatures on-chain.
It currently doesn't generate the top-level struct verification code, so you must write that part manually.
See
[this example implementation](https://github.com/delegatable/delegatable-sol/blob/fb34bb259890417285f7185bc6500fb0ab8bf86f/contracts/Delegatable.sol#L80).

:::caution
Since the top-level struct type's name and the `domain.name` are presented to the user prominently
in the confirmation, consider your contract name, the top-level struct name, and the struct keys to
be a user-facing security interface.

> Make sure your contract is as readable as possible to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure your contract is as readable as possible to the user.
```
